:001
name=Archer Male
attack1=ranged trueshot
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=ranged threeshot

:002
name=Warrior Male
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee stab
attack3=melee spin

:003
name=Mage Male
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic shock

:004
name=Bandit Male
attack1=ranged bow
attack2=melee stab
attack3=magic jump

:005
name=Necromancer Male
attack1=magic summon097
attack2=magic shock
attack3=magic heal

:006
name=Paladin Male
traits=strongtodark
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=ranged firearrow
attack3=magic heal

:007
name=Cleric Male
attack1=magic heal
attack2=melee staff
attack3=magic pray

:008
name=Adventurer Male
attack1=melee slash
attack2=item rope
attack3=magic fireball

:009
name=City Guard Male
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee stab
attack3=melee club

:010
name=Royal Guard Male
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee stab
attack3=melee charge

:011
name=Holy Guard Male
traits=strongtodark
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee charge
attack3=magic heal

:012
name=Buccaneer Male
attack1=melee slash
attack2=ranged pistol
attack3=item rope

:013
name=Wizard Male
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic confuse
attack3=magic slow

:014
name=Druid Male
attack1=ranged bow
attack2=magic entangle
attack3=magic heal

:015
name=Ranger Male
attack1=ranged trueshot
attack2=ranged poisonarrow
attack3=magic invisibility

:016
name=Barbarian Male
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee toss
attack3=melee charge

:017
name=Archer Female
attack1=ranged trueshot
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=ranged threeshot

:018
name=Warrior Female
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee stab
attack3=melee spin

:019
name=Mage Female
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic shock

:020
name=Bandit Female
attack1=ranged bow
attack2=melee stab
attack3=magic jump

:021
name=Necromancer Female
attack1=magic summon097
attack2=magic shock
attack3=magic heal

:022
name=Paladin Female
traits=strongtodark
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=ranged firearrow
attack3=magic heal

:023
name=Cleric Female
attack1=magic heal
attack2=melee staff
attack3=magic pray

:024
name=Adventurer Female
attack1=melee slash
attack2=item rope
attack3=magic fireball

:025
name=City Guard Female
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee stab
attack3=melee club

:026
name=Royal Guard Female
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee stab
attack3=melee charge

:027
name=Holy Guard Female
traits=strongtodark
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee charge
attack3=magic heal

:028
name=Buccaneer Female
attack1=melee slash
attack2=ranged pistol
attack3=item rope

:029
name=Wizard Female
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic confuse
attack3=magic slow

:030
name=Druid Female
attack1=ranged bow
attack2=magic entangle
attack3=magic heal

:031
name=Ranger Female
attack1=ranged trueshot
attack2=ranged poisonarrow
attack3=magic invisibility

:032
name=Barbarian Female
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee toss
attack3=melee charge

:033
name=Sorcerer
attack1=magic slow
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic invisibility

:034
name=Blacksmith
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee stab
attack3=none

:035
name=Master Baker
attack1=ranged bread
attack2=melee stab
attack3=none

:036
name=Highwayman
attack1=melee slash
attack2=item rope
attack3=item bomb

:037
name=Gladiator
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee axe
attack3=ranged net

:038
name=Monk Apprentice
attack1=melee punch
attack2=melee kick
attack3=none

:039
name=White Hand Monk
attack1=melee punch
attack2=melee kick
attack3=melee openpalm

:040
name=Red Hand Monk
attack1=melee punch
attack2=melee kick
attack3=melee closedfist

:041
name=Monk Master
attack1=melee openpalm
attack2=melee closedfist
attack3=melee threehands

:042
name=White Hand Sister
attack1=melee openpalm
attack2=none
attack3=none

:043
name=Dark Acolyte
traits=weaktolight
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=none

:044
name=Acolyte Priest
traits=weaktolight
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic confuse

:045
name=Acolyte Lord
traits=weaktolight
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic confuse
attack3=magic summon043

:046
name=Underling
traits=weaktolight
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic confuse
attack3=none

:047
name=Underling Mage
traits=weaktolight
attack1=magic confuse
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=magic darkness

:048
name=Witch
traits=weaktowater
attack1=magic poison
attack2=magic confuse
attack3=magic jump

:049
name=Elf Ranger Male
attack1=melee stab
attack2=ranged poisonarrow
attack3=ranged trueshot

:050
name=Elf Warrior
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee staff
attack3=ranged bow

:051
name=Elf Mage Male
attack1=magic slow
attack2=magic invisibility
attack3=ranged poisonarrow

:052
name=Elf Ranger Female
attack1=melee stab
attack2=ranged poisonarrow
attack3=ranged trueshot

:053
name=Elf Mage Female
attack1=magic slow
attack2=magic invisibility
attack3=ranged poisonarrow

:054
name=High Elf Ranger Male
attack1=melee stab
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=ranged firearrow

:055
name=High Elf Warrior
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee toss
attack3=ranged firearrow

:056
name=High Elf Mage Male
attack1=magic blindinglight
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=ranged firearrow

:057
name=High Elf Ranger Female
attack1=melee stab
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=ranged firearrow

:058
name=High Elf Mage Female
attack1=magic blindinglight
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=ranged firearrow

:059
name=Drow Ranger Male
attack1=melee slash
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=ranged icearrow

:060
name=Drow Warrior
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee axe
attack3=ranged icearrow

:061
name=Drow Mage Male
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=ranged icearrow

:062
name=Drow Ranger Female
attack1=melee slash
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=ranged icearrow

:063
name=Drow Mage Female
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=ranged icearrow

:064
name=Drow Bandit
attack1=ranged icearrow
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=melee axe

:065
name=Swordsdwarf
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=magic shield

:066
name=Axedwarf
attack1=melee axe
attack2=melee slash
attack3=magic shield

:067
name=Magedwarf
attack1=magic explosion
attack2=melee staff
attack3=magic shield

:068
name=Speardwarf
attack1=melee stab
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=magic shield

:069
name=Dwarven King
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic explosion
attack3=magic shield

:070
name=Deep Swordsdwarf
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=magic darkness

:071
name=Deep Axedwarf
attack1=melee axe
attack2=melee slash
attack3=magic darkness

:072
name=Deep Magedwarf
attack1=magic explosion
attack2=melee staff
attack3=magic darkness

:073
name=Deep Speardwarf
attack1=melee stab
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=magic darkness

:074
name=Deep Dwarven King
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic explosion
attack3=magic darkness

:075
name=Rogue Deep Dwarf
attack1=magic explosion
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=melee axe

:076
name=Halfling Warrior
attack1=melee stab
attack2=magic heal
attack3=none

:077
name=Halfling Ranger
attack1=ranged bow
attack2=magic heal
attack3=none

:078
name=Halfling Monk
attack1=melee openpalm
attack2=magic heal
attack3=none

:079
name=Kobold Warrior
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=melee charge
attack3=none

:080
name=Kobold Ranger
attack1=ranged trueshot
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=none

:081
name=Goblin Male
attack1=melee axe
attack2=melee toss
attack3=none

:082
name=Goblin Female
attack1=melee axe
attack2=melee toss
attack3=none

:083
name=Goblin Fighter
attack1=melee axe
attack2=melee staff
attack3=melee stab

:084
name=Goblin Sorcerer
attack1=melee axe
attack2=magic confuse
attack3=magic poison

:085
name=Orc
attack1=melee punch
attack2=melee toss
attack3=melee charge

:086
name=Orc Fighter
attack1=melee punch
attack2=melee charge
attack3=melee thrust

:087
name=Half-Orc
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee charge
attack3=melee toss

:088
name=Half-Orc Fighter
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=melee toss

:089
name=Triclops Mage
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=magic poison
attack3=magic shock

:090
name=Triclops Cleric
attack1=magic heal
attack2=magic poison
attack3=magic shield

:091
name=Triclops Warrior
attack1=melee stab
attack2=magic heal
attack3=melee threehands

:092
name=Gnome Ranger
attack1=ranged bow
attack2=ranged poisonarrow
attack3=magic poison

:093
name=Gnome Fighter
attack1=melee stabpoison
attack2=melee slash
attack3=melee charge

:094
name=Gnome Mage
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=melee stab

:095
name=Gnome King
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee staff
attack3=melee stabpoison

:096
name=Gnome High Priest
attack1=magic heal
attack2=magic iceball
attack3=magic invisibility

:097
name=Skeleton
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee punch
attack3=none

:098
name=Skeleton Fighter
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee axe
attack3=melee stab

:099
name=Skeleton Warrior
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee axe
attack3=melee charge

:100
name=Lich
attack1=melee staff
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic iceball

:101
name=Lich King
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=magic iceball
attack3=magic invisibility

:102
name=Burning Skull
traits=flying
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=melee bite
attack3=none

:103
name=Frozen Skull
traits=flying
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=melee bite
attack3=none

:104
name=Shapeshifter
attack1=magic polymorphself
attack2=magic polymorph
attack3=none

:105
name=Dark One
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic shock
attack3=magic bitepoison

:106
name=Horned Dark One
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=melee charge
attack3=magic bitepoison

:107
name=Mummy
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=none

:108
name=Mummy Lord
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic firebreath
attack3=none

:109
name=Pharaoh
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic summon107

:110
name=Reaper
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee axe
attack3=magic summon99

:111
name=Vampire
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee bitepoison
attack3=magic polymorphbat

:112
name=Vampire King
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic polymorphbat

:113
name=Flame Slug
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=ranged firearrow
attack3=none

:114
name=Water Slug
attack1=magic slow
attack2=ranged icearrow
attack3=none

:115
name=Ice Slug
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=ranged icearrow
attack3=magic freeze

:116
name=Shadow
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=none
attack3=none

:117
name=Burning Shadow
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=none

:118
name=Dark Shadow
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic explosion
attack3=none

:119
name=Grey Ghost
attack1=magic confuse
attack2=magic gustbreath
attack3=magic freeze

:120
name=Drowned Ghost
attack1=magic confuse
attack2=magic iceball
attack3=magic freeze

:121
name=Ghost
attack1=magic confuse
attack2=magic gustbreath
attack3=none

:122
name=Ice Keese
traits=flying
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic freeze
attack3=none

:123
name=Yeti Ranger
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=ranged icearrow
attack3=ranged tripleshot

:124
name=Yeti Fighter
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=melee slash
attack3=melee charge

:125
name=Yeti Mage
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic freeze
attack3=melee staff

:126
name=Yeti Thief
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=ranged icearrow
attack3=magic haste

:127
name=Yeti Warrior
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=melee axe
attack3=melee stab

:128
name=Yeti Guard
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=melee toss
attack3=melee charge

:129
name=Troll Male
traits=strongtofire
attack1=melee club
attack2=none
attack3=none

:130
name=Troll Female
traits=strongtofire
attack1=melee club
attack2=none
attack3=none

:131
name=Troll Brawler
traits=strongtofire
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee axe
attack3=none

:132
name=Troll Sorcerer
traits=strongtofire
attack1=melee club
attack2=magic slow
attack3=magic haste

:133
name=Troll Lord
traits=strongtofire
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee toss
attack3=magic shock

:134
name=Cyclops Brawler
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee punch
attack3=melee closedfist

:135
name=Cyclops Warrior
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee axe
attack3=melee stab

:136
name=Cyclops Monk
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee staff
attack3=melee openfist

:137
name=Cyclops Cleric
attack1=melee club
attack2=magic heal
attack3=magic pray

:138
name=Cyclops Lord
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee toss
attack3=magic paralyze

:139
name=Gremlin Brawler
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee charge
attack3=magic jump

:140
name=Gremlin Warrior
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=magic jump

:141
name=Gremlin Defender
attack1=melee stab
attack2=magic shield
attack3=magic jump

:142
name=Yoda
speed=1500
attack1=melee staff
attack2=magic magic missile
attack3=magic jump

:143
name=Gremlin Priest
attack1=magic heal
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=magic jump

:144
name=Gremlin King
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic jump

:145
name=Demon
traits=strongvslight
traits=flying
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=magic firebreath
attack3=ranged firearrow

:146
name=Gargoyle
traits=weakvsice
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic polymorphself
attack3=ranged rock

:147
name=Crabman
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic poison
attack3=ranged net

:148
name=Crabman Fighter
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=ranged net

:149
name=Crabman Cleric
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic heal
attack3=ranged net

:150
name=Brain Sucker
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic control
attack2=magic paralyze
attack3=none

:151
name=Brain Sucker Priest
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic control
attack2=magic paralyze
attack3=magic heal

:152
name=Angel Male
traits=flying
attack1=magic blindinglight
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=melee stab

:153
name=Angel Female
traits=flying
attack1=magic blindinglight
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=melee stab

:154
name=Imp
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=magic iceball
attack3=magic confuse

:155
name=Demon Warrior
attack1=magic firebreath
attack2=magic polymorph
attack3=none

:156
name=Firefly
traits=runs
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic blindinglight
attack3=none

:157
name=Mote
traits=runs,nocombat
attack1=magic polymorph
attack2=none
attack3=none

:158
name=Floating Head Male
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=none

:159
name=Floating Head Female
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=none

:160
name=Floating Skull
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=magic freeze

:161
name=Stone Elemental
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=ranged rock
attack3=magic poison

:162
name=Iron Elemental
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=melee spin
attack3=ranged pistol

:163
name=Wood Elemental
attack1=magic entangle
attack2=magic poison
attack3=melee staff

:164
name=Poison Elemental
attack1=magic poisonbreath
attack2=melee stabpoison
attack3=melee bitepoison

:165
name=Earth Elemental
attack1=ranged rock
attack2=magic entangle
attack3=magic shield

:166
name=Ice Elemental
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic shield
attack3=magic summon122

:167
name=Plant Elemental
attack1=magic entangle
attack2=magic summon183
attack3=magic poison

:168
name=Purple Elemental
attack1=magic purple
attack2=melee punch
attack3=none

:169
name=Bone Elemental
attack1=magic toss
attack2=magic summon100
attack3=melee staff

:170
name=Citrus Elemental
attack1=ranged fruit
attack2=none
attack3=none

:171
name=Fire Elemental
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=magic firebreath
attack3=none

:172
name=Shadow Elemental
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=magic invisibility
attack3=melee stab

:173
name=Water Elemental
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=magic jump

:174
name=Air Elemental
traits=flying
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=melee charge
attack3=magic haste

:175
name=Living Statue
speed=50
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=none
attack3=none

:176
name=Possessed Living Statue
speed=50
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=melee charge
attack3=none

:177
name=Dark Blob
speed=500
attack1=magic darkness
attack2=melee bite
attack3=none

:178
name=Shit Blob
speed=500
attack1=magic poison
attack2=melee bite
attack3=none

:179
name=Blob
speed=500
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:180
name=Floating Eye
speed=700
traits=flying
attack1=magic slow
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=none

:181
name=Beholder
traits=flying
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic magicmissile

:182
name=Stonegazer
traits=flying
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=ranged rock
attack3=magic magicmissile

:183
name=Ent Male
speed=900
attack1=magic entangle
attack2=melee staff
attack3=melee stabpoison

:184
name=Ent Female
speed=900
attack1=magic entangle
attack2=melee staff
attack3=melee stabpoison

:185
name=Jelly
speed=500
attack1=melee bitepoison
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:186
name=Dire Jelly
speed=500
attack1=magic poison
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:187
name=Bugbear
speed=1100
attack1=magic charge
attack2=magic bite
attack3=none

:188
name=Dire Bugbear
speed=1200
attack1=magic slash
attack2=magic bite
attack3=magic haste

:189
name=Cube of Redness
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic red
attack2=none
attack3=none

:190
name=Cube of Purpleness
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic purple
attack2=none
attack3=none

:191
name=Cube of Greenness
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic green
attack2=none
attack3=none

:192
name=Mimic
speed=400
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic slow
attack3=magic haste

:193
name=Rat
attack1=melee bite
attack2=none
attack3=none

:194
name=Dire Rat
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee slash
attack3=none

:195
name=Black Cat
attack1=melee bite
attack2=none
attack3=none

:196
name=Tabby
traits=runs
attack1=melee bite
attack2=none
attack3=none

:197
name=Poison Snake
attack1=melee bitepoison
attack2=none
attack3=none

:198
name=Garter Snake
speed = 1300;
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:199
name=Sand Scorpion
attack1=melee stabpoison
attack2=melee stab
attack3=none

:200
name=Dark Scorpion
attack1=melee stabpoison
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=none

:201
name=Dark Spider
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=ranged net

:202
name=Poison Spider
attack1=melee bitepoison
attack2=magic jump
attack3=ranged net

:203
name=Giant Spider
speed=1100
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic jump
attack3=ranged net

:204
name=Flies
speed=1200
traits=flying,runs
attack1=melee bite
attack2=none
attack3=none

:205
name=Koi
traits=runs
speed=600
attack1=melee splash
attack2=none
attack3=none

:206
name=Cucco
traits=runs,flying
attack1=melee peck
attack2=none
attack3=none

:207
name=Bat
traits=flying
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic haste
attack3=none

:208
name=Dark Bat
traits=flying
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic darkness
attack3=magic haste

:209
name=Dire Hound
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee haste
attack3=none

:210
name=Puppy
traits=runs
attack1=melee bite
attack2=none
attack3=none

:211
name=Sheep
traits=runs
attack1=none
attack2=none
attack3=none

:212
name=Walrus with Legs
attack1=melee charge
attack2=melee toss
attack3=melee stab

:213
name=Turkey
traits=runs
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee kick
attack3=none

:214
name=Boar
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee charge
attack3=none

:215
name=Silverback Gorilla
attack1=melee charge
attack2=melee toss
attack3=melee punch

:216
name=Chimpanzee
attack1=melee toss
attack2=melee punch
attack3=none

:217
name=Wolf
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic charge
attack3=none

:218
name=Moose
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee kick
attack3=none

:219
name=Deer
traits=runs
attack1=none
attack2=none
attack3=none

:220
name=Bear
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee slash
attack3=melee charge

:221
name=Horse
traits=runs
attack1=melee charge
attack2=melee kick
attack3=none

:222
name=Mule
traits=runs
attack1=melee kick
attack2=none
attack3=none

:223
name=Pegasus
traits=flying
attack1=melee charge
attack2=melee kick
attack3=magic blindinglight

:224
name=Lion
attack1=melee bite
attack2=melee charge
attack3=melee slash

:225
name=Red Egg
speed=0
attack1=melee hatch
attack2=none
attack3=none

:226
name=Yellow Egg
speed=0
attack1=melee hatch
attack2=none
attack3=none

:227
name=Green Egg
speed=0
attack1=melee hatch
attack2=none
attack3=none

:228
name=Blue Egg
speed=0
attack1=melee hatch
attack2=none
attack3=none

:229
name=White Egg
speed=0
attack1=melee hatch
attack2=none
attack3=none

:230
name=Red Wurmling
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=none

:231
name=Yellow Wurmling
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic shock
attack3=none

:232
name=Green Wurmling
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic poison
attack3=none

:233
name=Blue Wurmling
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic slow
attack3=none

:234
name=Silver Wurmling
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic invisibility
attack3=none

:235
name=Birdman Soldier
traits=flying
attack1=melee peck
attack2=melee slash
attack3=magic entangle

:236
name=Birdman Scout
traits=flying
attack1=melee peck
attack2=ranged rock
attack3=melee stab

:237
name=Birdman Guard
traits=flying
attack1=melee peck
attack2=melee charge
attack3=magic entangle

:238
name=Birdman Tribe Leader
traits=flying
attack1=melee peck
attack2=melee staff
attack3=magic gustbreath

:239
name=Salamander
traits=runs
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=melee bite
attack3=none

:240
name=Gecko
traits=runs
attack1=melee bitepoison
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:241
name=Red Drake
traits=flying
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic firebreath
attack3=none

:242
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:243
name=Yellow Drake
health=50
traits=flying
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic elecbreath
attack3=none

:244
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:245
name=Green Drake
health=50
traits=flying
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic poisonbreath
attack3=none

:246
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:247
name=Blue Drake
health=50
traits=flying
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic gustbreath
attack3=none

:248
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:249
name=Silver Drake
health=50
traits=flying
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic summon096
attack3=none

:250
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:251
name=Manticore
health=50
attack1=magic firebreath
attack2=melee slash
attack3=melee charge

:252
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:253
name=Chicksnakentiger
health=50
traits=flying,runs
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=melee charge

:254
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:255
name=Basilisk
health=50
attack1=melee bite
attack2=magic paralyze
attack3=magic slow

:256
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:257
name=Fire Dragon
health=100
traits=flying
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=magic firebreath
attack3=magic explosion

:258
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:259
name=Thunder Dragon
health=100
traits=flying
attack1=magic shock
attack2=magic elecbreath
attack3=magic blindinglight

:260
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:261
name=Earth Dragon
health=100
traits=flying
attack1=magic poison
attack2=magic poisonbreath
attack3=magic paralyze

:262
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:263
name=Wind Dragon
health=100
traits=flying
attack1=magic slow
attack2=magic gustbreath
attack3=magic summon233

:264
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:265
name=Platinum Dragon
health=100
traits=flying
attack1=magic invisibility
attack2=magic summon099
attack3=ranged pistol

:266
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:267
name=Bahamut
health=110
traits=flying
attack1=magic firebreath
attack2=magic gustbreath
attack3=magic poisonbreath

:268
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:269
name=Nicol Bolas
health=100
traits=flying
attack1=magic firebreath
attack2=magic explosion
attack3=magic darkness

:270
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:271
name=Giant Cyclops Lord
health=100
attack1=melee club
attack2=melee charge
attack3=melee toss

:272
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:273
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:274
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:275
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:276
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:277
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:278
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:279
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:280
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:281
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:282
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:283
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:284
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:285
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:286
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:287
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:288
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:289
name=Minotaur
health=80
attack1=melee charge
attack2=melee axe
attack3=magic fireball

:290
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:291
name=Gojira
health=80
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=melee axe
attack3=magic heal

:292
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:293
name=Medusa
health=80
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=magic freeze
attack3=magic poisonbreath

:294
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:295
name=Iron Golem
health=80
attack1=melee club
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=magic confusion

:296
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:297
name=Ice Golem
health=80
attack1=melee club
attack2=ranged icearrow
attack3=magic confusion

:298
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:299
name=Rock Golem
health=80
attack1=melee club
attack2=ranged rock
attack3=magic confusion

:300
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:301
name=Genie
health=80
traits=flying
attack1=magic confusion
attack2=magic freeze
attack3=magic iceball

:302
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:303
name=Ent King
health=80
attack1=magic entangle
attack2=ranged poisonarrow
attack3=ranged tripleshot

:304
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:305
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:306
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:307
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:308
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:309
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:310
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:311
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:312
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:313
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:314
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:315
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:316
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:317
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:318
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:319
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:320
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:321
name=Great Eye
health=80
traits=flying
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=magic magicmissile
attack3=melee kick

:322
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:323
name=Centaur
health=80
attack1=melee kick
attack2=melee thrust
attack3=ranged tripleshot

:324
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:325
name=Iron Knight
health=80
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=ranged longbow
attack3=item bomb

:326
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:327
name=Dragon Knight
health=80
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=ranged firearrow
attack3=item bomb

:328
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:329
name=Shadow Knight
health=80
attack1=melee thrust
attack2=ranged icearrow
attack3=item bomb

:330
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:331
name=Kraken
health=80
attack1=melee slash
attack2=melee bitepoison
attack3=melee splash

:332
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:333
name=Haunted Tree
health=80
attack1=melee staff
attack2=magic summon183
attack3=magic entangle

:334
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:335
name=Great Spirit
health=80
traits=flying
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=magic iceball

:336
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:337
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:338
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:339
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:340
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:341
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:342
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:343
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:344
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:345
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:346
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:347
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:348
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:349
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:350
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:351
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:352
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:353
name=Green Squad Soldier
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=ranged rifle
attack3=melee stab

:354
name=Green Squad Commando
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=ranged rifle
attack3=melee toss

:355
name=Green Squad Engineer
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=item bomb
attack3=item rope

:356
name=Green Squad Sniper
attack1=ranged sniper
attack2=ranged pistol
attack3=item rope

:357
name=Green Squad Gunner
attack1=ranged rifle
attack2=ranged pistol
attack3=ranged machinegun

:358
name=Green Squad Demolitions
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=ranged rifle
attack3=item bomb

:359
name=Green Squad Prisioner
attack1=none
attack2=none
attack3=none

:360
name=Blue Squad Soldier
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=ranged rifle
attack3=melee stab

:361
name=Blue Squad Commando
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=ranged rifle
attack3=melee toss

:362
name=Blue Squad Engineer
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=item bomb
attack3=item rope

:363
name=Blue Squad Sniper
attack1=ranged sniper
attack2=ranged pistol
attack3=item rope

:364
name=Blue Squad Gunner
attack1=ranged rifle
attack2=ranged pistol
attack3=ranged machinegun

:365
name=Blue Squad Demolitions
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=ranged rifle
attack3=item bomb

:366
name=Blue Squad SWAT
attack1=melee charge
attack2=magic shield
attack3=melee openpalm

:367
name=Skull Squad Leader
attack1=ranged machinegun
attack2=item rope
attack3=magic explosion

:368
name=Polly
traits=flying
attack1=melee peck
attack2=none
attack3=none

:369
name=Astronaut
attack1=ranged pistol
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:370
name=Space Explorer
attack1=magic magicmissile
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:371
name=Cosmonaut
attack1=magic fireball
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:372
name=Alien Robot
attack1=magic shock
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:373
name=Alien
attack1=magic poison
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:374
name=Alien Soldier
attack1=magic iceball
attack2=magic jump
attack3=none

:375
name=Baby Boy
speed=400
attack1=none
attack2=none
attack3=none

:376
name=Baby Girl
speed=400
attack1=none
attack2=none
attack3=none

:377
name=Dire Baby
speed=400
attack1=melee bite
attack2=none
attack3=none

:378
name=Robot
attack1=magic shock
attack2=magic lightningbreath
attack3=none

:379
name=Shy Guy
traits=runs,nocombat
attack1=magic jump
attack2=magic haste
attack3=magic slow

:380
name=Link
attack1=melee spin
attack2=ranged firearrow
attack3=item bomb

:381
name=GIANT ROBOT
attack1=magic shock
attack2=magic lightningbreath
attack3=magic jump

:382
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:383
name=Cthulhu
attack1=magic gustbreath
attack2=magic summon205
attack3=magic control

:384
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:385
name=Spelunker
attack1=melee slash
attack2=item bomb
attack3=item rope

:386
name=Gomez
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:387
name=Red Knight
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic shock
attack3=ranged bow

:388
name=Green Knight
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic poison
attack3=ranged bow

:389
name=Orange Knight
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic fireball
attack3=ranged bow

:390
name=Blue Knight
attack1=melee slash
attack2=magic freeze
attack3=ranged bow

:391
name=Tim
traits=nocombat
attack1=magic paralyze
attack2=none
attack3=none

:392
name=Blueberry Eating Toucan
traits=flying
attack1=melee toss
attack2=none
attack3=none

:393
name=Naija
attack1=melee slash
attack2=item potion
attack3=melee splash

:394
name=Darwinian
attack1=melee punch
attack2=magic summon394
attack3=none

:395
name=Santa
attack1=ranged present
attack2=none
attack3=none

:396
name=The Invisible Man
traits=invisible,nocombat
attack1=none
attack2=none
attack3=none

:397
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:398
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:399
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=

:400
name=
attack1=
attack2=
attack3=